README.md, before:

# Shoe Designz
```
Deployed on Azure
```
[Shoez Design](shoedesignz.azurewebsites.net)

# Project e-Commerce ShoeDesignz by Carlos & Regan
#### You'll love it

## Introduction
Shoe Designz is a mock e-Commerce store for shoes built using ASP.NET Core using C#.

A working progress.

## Product
* Selling Shoez!
- This mock website will simulate a shoe e-commerce store which a user will be able to register and login.

- Claims used are the user login/registration.
* Reason: The user has a more interactive experience being logged in and are able to caputure any information used for policies.

- Policies enforced are the "edu" emails.
* Reason: If the user registers with an ".edu" email (ex. student@class.edu) that user is given access to special student discounts.

- OAUTH providers currently allowed are Facebook and Microsoft.
* Twitter and Google might eventually be added.

- The user is also able to add items to shopping cart.  Checkout coming soon.
- Structure/Database Schema of the store is below
![](ShoeDesignz/wwwroot/Images/image_pending.png?raw=true)
* Explanation of database coming soon as well.

- Coming Soon: The user will be able to make a simulated purchase with a simulated example credit card. 

# Getting Started
Click on the link below to visit our e-commerce ShoeDesignZ:

shoedesignz.azurewebsites.net

You may also view at the source code in the folders below.

# Build and Test
xUnit tests coming......

# Contribute
Other user and developers are free to offer contribution and help.  You may fork the repo. 
Make sure to comment all your contribution.
Contact information:  comming soon......

# Authors
* [Carlos Castillo](https://github.com/castillocarlosr)
* [Regan Dufort](https://github.com/bigrig72)

#### Links for Microsft Docs  (a lot of fun technical stuff)
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)

started Feb 19, 2019
Thanks for stopping by seattle

Commit message:

put website down for maintance in readme

README.md, after:

# Shoe Designz
```
Deployed on Azure
```
[Shoez Design](shoedesignz.azurewebsites.net)

# Project e-Commerce ShoeDesignz by Carlos & Regan
#### You'll love it

## Introduction
Shoe Designz is a mock e-Commerce store for shoes built using ASP.NET Core using C#.

A working progress.

## Product
* Selling Shoez!
- This mock website will simulate a shoe e-commerce store which a user will be able to register and login.

- Claims used are the user login/registration.
* Reason: The user has a more interactive experience being logged in and are able to caputure any information used for policies.

- Policies enforced are the "edu" emails.
* Reason: If the user registers with an ".edu" email (ex. student@class.edu) that user is given access to special student discounts.

- OAUTH providers currently allowed are Facebook and Microsoft.
* Twitter and Google might eventually be added.

- The user is also able to add items to shopping cart.  Checkout coming soon.
- Structure/Database Schema of the store is below
![](ShoeDesignz/wwwroot/Images/image_pending.png?raw=true)
* Explanation of database coming soon as well.

- Coming Soon: The user will be able to make a simulated purchase with a simulated example credit card. 

# Getting Started
Click on the link below to visit our e-commerce ShoeDesignZ:
```
shoedesignz.azurewebsites.net
```
* Website currently down.  Will rebuild again sometime in the future.  Last update June 28, 2019
You may also view at the source code in the folders below.

# Build and Test
xUnit tests coming......

# Contribute
Other user and developers are free to offer contribution and help.  You may fork the repo. 
Make sure to comment all your contribution.
Contact information:  comming soon......

# Authors
* [Carlos Castillo](https://github.com/castillocarlosr)
* [Regan Dufort](https://github.com/bigrig72)

#### Links for Microsft Docs  (a lot of fun technical stuff)
- [ASP.NET Core](https://github.com/aspnet/Home)
- [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
- [Chakra Core](https://github.com/Microsoft/ChakraCore)

started Feb 19, 2019
Thanks for stopping by seattle
